hi hi just so you know dr. long can't be
here today she was called to the
hospital so dr. Schiff will be seeing
you oh okay
hey can I ask you a question was it me
or or was the guy who took my blood
sample really cute hey you know I'm
talking about bull haircut hairy fingers
hi Rachel
I'm dr. Schiff yes you are so how's it
going oh it's really really good enough
about me come on where are you from what
do you do I'm a doctor right right I'm
actually I meant you know in your spare
time do you cook
do you ski or just hang out with your
wife or girlfriend I don't have a wife
or girlfriend but I I do like to ski I
love to skate how amazing is this
so are you experiencing any discomfort
yeah I'm very comfortable any painful
guess no shorter shut up some kind of
question is that
okay that would you like to lie down in
the table well would you like me to lie
down on the table I'm sorry is there
something going on here do you feel it
too
[Music]
hi okay so how did your doctor's
appointment go well let's see they gave
me cute boy doctor today and in the
middle of the exam I put my pinkie in
his chin dimple oh my god why did you do
that okay remember that little problem I
was having during my fourth month of
pregnancy
oh yeah the Evander Holyfield phase
oh man you were so hard up you you
practically gave one to me you wish
hey I gotta hand you if I wanted you oh
yeah come & get it
okay even this is turning me on okay hey
hey how's that how's it going with you
and Mona you guys still together yes hi
I'd like to order a pizza oh hey can I
ask you a question it's the cute blonde
guy delivering tonight very Abercrombie
& Fitch I'll call you back it's just a
piece of place you hung up on the pizza
place I don't hang up on your friends
sorry honey I'm just having a having a
rough day huh what's wrong oh you really
you really just talk you don't want to
hear about it hey why did I ask okay
it's just it but this is really
embarrassing but lately with this whole
pregnancy thing I'm just finding myself
how do I put this
erotic Lea charged is that college talk
for horny yeah so you know I have all of
these feelings and I don't know what to
do about them because I can't date like
a normal person which is fine because I
don't need a relationship I mean all I
really want is one great night just sex
you know no strings attached no
relationship just listen someone that I
feel comfortable with and who knows what
he's doing if we just wasn't great night
I mean is that really so hard
to find so how was your day good I saw a
pretty big pigeon
well I gotta get up early and it's
almost 7:00 o'clock good night I can't
go Rachel Julie you do my friends plus
it would be wrong and weird and and back
so bad I don't even know what you're
talking about because I didn't ask you
to do anything I know you want to do it
[Music]